now if you're stuck at home and bored
out of your mind
then let's give that brain of yours a
boost
find the hidden f
there it is how many fives can you spot
in seven seconds
[Music]
did you get all six nice
what's the missing letter here
[Music]
p r e those are the letters at the end
of
ship car and plane
you have five friends and you're all
going to the movies
tom and tim are twins but they can't sit
together because they always start
bickering
max always starts instigating with sally
and sarah
who also don't get along so max can only
sit with the guys
there are five seats side by side and
you have to put all your buddies in
order
how can you sit them so everyone's happy
[Music]
sally tim max tom and sarah
what's missing here
one three five two four did you guess
6 sorry but the correct answer is
r this is what you see on stick shifts
in manual cars
1 through 5 are the gears and r is for
reverse
[Music]
okay what about here
mtw what fsu
you probably guess these letters
represent the days of the week
but since both tuesday and thursday
start with the letter t
many schedules especially academic ones
often use
r for thursday same goes for the weekend
s is for saturday but u stands for
sunday
how do you get a giraffe in the fridge
just open the fridge put the giraffe in
and close the door
classic
the lion is giving a speech to all the
animals in his kingdom
all of them are present except for one
who didn't show up to the king's speech
the giraffe since you put it in the
fridge
see if you can spot the mistake in seven
seconds
one equals one two equals two three
equals three
four equals four five equals five six
equals six
it's up there in the question all right
how about another try
find the mistake one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
ah there it is in eight
find the letter d and all these b's
oh a master of disguise that one
which set of letters doesn't belong here
the answer is aoei it's the only set of
vowels
hey you should be in a bakery you're one
smart cookie